I was at a kind of crossroads in my life.
Should I go to Bethel for one month and lose the job?
We had to make a hard decision.
It was related to neutrality issue.
Should I keep my thought after and well-paying job or quit
so that I can focus on my pioneer?
I had to make a decision to go to university
or to serve Jehovah full-time.
The crossroads really was the attitude toward the decision.
The foundation of good decision is absolutely
study the Bible and meditation.
I talked to Jehovah and pray,
and they will have never done before in my life.
We would always stop and think and meditate on what the scripture says.
She just says, keep your eyes simple.
Trust in Jehovah and do not lean upon your own understanding.
We should be content with sustenance and covering.
Think about Jehovah.
But Jehovah was a student.
When all our daily decisions come together,
we can build a bridge between our life and our long-term spiritual goal.
Truly speaking, Jehovah's way is happy.
Whenever I make him happy,
that makes me happy too.
So if we planted Jehovah,
it will surely be successful.
We were very happy for taking that decision.
And Jehovah really blessed us for that.
Look at where are we today?
We are turning here.
The graduation of the 136th Class of Gilead
on Saturday, March 8, 2014,
reaffirmed the rightness of decisions made in harmony with Jehovah's will.
Chairman David Splein of the governing body
opened the program with the discussion of the importance
of adopting Jesus' mental attitude.
Jehovah loves humble, modest people.
Do you want Jehovah to love you?
Then be humble and modest.
In the talk, sacrifice without regret,
William Mallenfant, a teaching committee helper,
highlighted the value of considering Jehovah's will in life's decisions.
If you would not have accepted the truth,
you would do this day be hopeless and unhappy.
But because of the truth, it's quite the contrary.
We belong to Jehovah because we've made the decision
of our own free will to give ourselves to God.
Sighting field service experiences
indicating angelic direction.
Garrett Loesch of the governing body
entreated the students to continue yielding
to the influence of the angels.
Ask them, how did you get in?
The sister told him she said the prayer
and punched four buttons.
And we don't forget that angels are directing
the worldwide preaching work.
In developing the theme, the honorable one
will be blessed.
Gilead instructor Michael Burnett focused
on the graduate's goal in their assignments.
The reason you came to Gilead and the purpose of Gilead
is to stabilize and strengthen the field
and branch organization.
So will you have interest in the disciple making work?
And will you do everything you can
to strengthen the organization?
Hello, Gilead instructor Mark Numer put into perspective
each Christian's personal responsibility
to keep your fire burning.
God's Holy Spirit ignites a fiery enthusiasm
and a love for the truth within you.
But you must keep that love for God alive.
So that fire does not go out.
That's your responsibility to keep yourselves in God's love.
He cited scriptural examples of humility.
Barnabas Joy came from encouraging others
and seeing Jehovah use them.
And he understood that to move ahead
with God's organization meant advancing to the rear.
In order to push kingdom interest forward.
Theocratic schools instructor Samuel Robertson
directed reenactments of some of the students'
actual field service experiences.
Please, we want to see it.
As I read, please note what the Bible says
who happens to sickness, right?
Thank you by waving to us.
Oh, I remember you now.
It's at jw.org and it's translated also in your language.
And you see here, you can have a lot of questions.
In an interview conducted by Donald Gordon,
a publishing committee helper.
Two of the graduating couples revisited the subject of decisions.
Under the theme, grow mightier through divine education.
This has really encouraged me to humbly accept
whatever assignment is given me.
And like that good slave in the illustration,
I will be happy and content knowing that I am doing
what Jehovah has asked me to do.
I'm determined to make sure I approach every day's situation,
seeing things Jehovah's way.
Mark Sanderson of the governing body
provided parting exhortation in the talk.
May Jehovah remember you favorably.
We are never content with simply having a token share
in the ministry or doing just the least
in whatever assignment we're given.
But we do everything to demonstrate our godly devotion
by doing our utmost in Jehovah's service.
Let your love be the motivating force behind everything that you do
and you too will be remembered favorably.
Finally, the 136th Class of Gilead had opportunity
to express collectively their determination
to use the gift of divine education.
Now we are resolved to use our training
to stabilize and strengthen our brothers
and above all, to bring glory and honor
to our grand instructor, Jehovah.
The brothers and sisters of the 136th Class of Gilead.